today china announced last year 's results of the crackdown on smuggling and declared that large - scale smuggling has been more or less brought under control .
however , reality warns us that we must not relax our effort to crack down on smuggling in the slightest and must keep up the high pressure and strictly guard against a resurgence of smuggling . as top - echelon chinese leaders put it , " there is no such thing as final victory in the battle against smuggling . "
last year , china cracked over 21,000 cases of smuggling and trafficking in smuggled goods , worth 12.7 - billion yuan .
the public and the business community have truly felt that the government is cracking down on smuggling with unprecedented determination and forcefulness .
there are four main reasons why the antismuggling campaign has produced marked results since the national work conference on cracking down on smuggling in the second half of 1998 .
- - top - echelon chinese leaders have attached great importance to this campaign and have made plans for antismuggling operations from a political perspective . zhu rongji , luo gan , wu yi , and others have inspected antismuggling work on many occasions and the central authorities have directly instructed the handling of a batch of big and important cases , including the one in zhanjiang . therefore , a powerful momentum against smuggling has been created across society .
- - the army , the police force , political - judicial organs , and party and government organs have stopped their involvement in business and in the running of enterprises , depriving some smugglers of their protection and shelter ;
the effort against corruption has been intensified , echoing the antismuggling campaign .
the general administration of customs alone has investigated and handled 13 officials at the level of provincial department head or equivalent and 50 officials at the level of provincial section head or equivalent who have violated discipline and law .
- - measures for comprehensive improvement have been implemented and powerful joint forces have developed in the antismuggling campaign .
the coastal provinces in southeast china have introduced the antismuggling leadership responsibility system and cleaned up and rectified ports in the second category . over 6,000 enterprises that conducted import and export business in violation of laws and regulations have been penalized and the networking of computers among relevant departments has plugged the loopholes that smugglers would otherwise have taken advantage of .
- - the law enforcement departments have continually conducted large - scale specialized antismuggling operations by focusing on key areas , key channels , and key commodities and kept up the high pressure on smuggling .
in their analysis of the trends and characteristics of smuggling , customs officials pointed out : at present , smuggling through the import and export channels by deceiving customs and " working around customs checks " remains serious ;
smuggling of cigarettes and finished oil products in the beibu wan waters remains rather serious , as smugglers are trying to move into china some of the gasoline that has been stockpiled on vietnam 's yongshi [ 3057-1395 ] island for a year ;
smuggling in finished oil products at the estuary of zhu jiang and in the waters in its vicinity has recently become more active again ;
smuggling in sensitive commodities in bulk along the southeast coast occurs from time to time and smuggling by the masses in a few isolated coastal areas still goes on ;
smugglers are still mostly legal persons and wholly and partially foreign - funded enterprises have gone to the top of the list as main smugglers ;
industrial chemicals , raw textile materials , finished oil products , edible oil , automobiles , motorcycles , cigarettes , and so on still feature largely among smuggled commodities .
as the smugglers itch for action , the antismuggling forces must not allow themselves " a breathing spell . "

